
_Oswald in New Orleans_

Oswald's Fair Play for Cuba Committee established at same address as ex-FBI man Guy Bannister's private detective office, also used for E. Howard Hunt's (allegedly the 'brother-in-law' Thornley met with several times over period 1961-1963) Cuban Revolutionary Council and other anti-Castro fronts; confrontation with Carlos Bringuier, another agent for CIA's Domestic Contact Service, in front of Shaw's International Trade Mart; Oswald asks Bringuier to hit him, pleads guilty when they are arrested, asks to see an FBI agent, is released and appears on radio and TV the next day to publicize his activities; Oswald allegedly meets Shaw, Ferrie and other operatives of the FBI and CIA; Oswald, Shaw and Ferrie allegedly attempt to register to vote in rural Clinton, Louisiana, attracting attention by arriving in a black Cadillac; Oswald and Thornley allegedly meet at nightclub; Thornley thinks it was a 'look-alike'; Jack Ruby visits New Orleans to obtain 'the services of a stripper known as 'Jada,' who became his featured performer.'

_Oswald in Mexico_
Although Oswald was allegedly on a bus to Mexico at the time, someone calling himself 'Harvey Oswald' appeared at the Selective Service office in Austin, Texas, to discuss his undesirable discharge; the next day Cuban refugee leader Sylvio Odio is visited in Dallas by two Latins and 'Leon Osward' (whom they called 'Leopoldo') to discuss violent anti-Castro activities and revenge against Kennedy -- though Oswald was supposedly on his way to Mexico City; Albert Osborne, who allegedly paid for 1000 Hands Off Cuba leaflets which Oswald distributed in New Orleans, allegedly rides the same bus with him to Mexico City; Oswald, or someone impersonating him, attempts to go to Cuba from Mexico City; while Oswald was in Mexico a second Oswald appeared at a Dallas rifle range to shoot bull's-eyes, have his scope adjusted and talk to people there; Oswald returns to Dallas on bus No. 332, or was it No. 340? which had the name 'Oswald' added to the manifest after the trip.

_Oswald in Dallas_
Soon after returning from Mexico Oswald and his family allegedly drove to Alice, Texas, to talk with the manager of KPOY -- though Oswald didn't drive and the Warren Commission concluded he couldn't have been in Alice then; Oswald attends General Walker's John Birch meeting lecture and two nights later attends an ACLU meeting where he criticizes Walker's alleged racism; someone looking like Oswald visits a furniture store in Irving, Texas, with his family, looking for a part for a gun; the second Oswald visits the Irving Sports Shop to have three holes drilled in a rifle, though Oswald's only had two holes and they were drilled before he got it; the second Oswald cashes a $189 check at an Irving grocery store, buys groceries that Oswald was unlikely to buy and gets a HAIRCUT accompanied by a teenager who allegedly exchanged leftist remarks with him; Oswald II visits the Lord-Lincoln auto agency to look at cars, test drives one at 70 mph and brags about coming into money soon and returning to Russia; Oswald II begins visiting Dallas / Irving rifle ranges to demonstrate his marksmanship, shooting bull's-eyes and hitting other people's targets; Oswald I writes a letter to the Dallas FBI which is destroyed soon after the assassination; Oswald I writes to 'Mr. Hunt' asking to 'discuss the matter fully before any steps are taken by me or anyone else'; two days before the assassination Oswald II creates a scene in a Dallas restaurant where Officer J.D. Tippit 'glowered' at him; Oswald I allegedly seen at the Carousel Club, plotting with Ruby, Tippit and / or Bernard Weissman; Oswald I or II allegedly ordered distribution of the anti-Kennedy 'Wanted for Treason' leaflets in Dallas; Oswald, or was it Billy Lovelady? photographed standing in the doorway of the Book Depository building at the moment Kennedy was shot; Oswald II allegedly seen fleeing from the back of the Book Depository immediately after the assassination; Oswald II confronts Tippit, Oswald I arrested in the Texas Theatre; Oswald's voice prints show that he told the truth when he said 'I didn't shoot anybody, no sir.'

Faces in the Crowd
Among the several hundred witnesses to the assassination were the following: the 'umbrella man' who supposedly signaled assassination teams to fire by closing his black umbrella; the 'Babushka Lady,' who allegedly was introduced to 'Lee Oswald of the CIA' by Jack Ruby and who also filmed the assassination, only to have the FBI confiscate the film and never return it; Joseph Milteer, the National States Rights Party leader who had disclosed the Miami plot against JFK and who had links through the NSRP to James Earl Ray's brother Jerry; three tramps who were arrested soon after the assassination, two of them allegedly resembling E. Howard Hunt and Frank Sturgis, the third possibly being Oswald II; Lee Harvey Oswald and George DeMohrenschildt who, so DeMohrenschildt told a hospital roommate just before his death, were together watching the parade when the shots were fired -- Oswald ran and that was the last time DeMohrenschildt supposedly saw him.

Some Nagging Doubts
Nixon, having attended a convention of Pepsi-Cola executives in Dallas, leaves for New York an hour before the assassination and was one of the few people who later forgot where he was at the time; J. Edgar Hoover also alleged to have been secretly in Dallas on the same day. Texas oilman H.L. Hunt taken into protective custody by federal agents after the assassination and kept in another city for several days to avoid threats by those who might think he was involved. DeMohrenschildt, in Haiti, expresses belief Oswald was a patsy and that the FBI killed Kennedy (though later DeMohrenschildt claimed to have been the link between H.L Hunt and Oswald in a right-wing plot to kill JFK). Ferrie allegedly flies to Dallas on evening after assassination but his actual whereabouts remain unclear. Ruby, allegedly in hypnotic trance, shoots Oswald after an unexplained horn honk signal in the Dallas Police building basement. Cuban Bay of Pigs veteran named Ruedelo arrives in Madrid, Spain, five days after Kennedy assassination, jailed for invalid visa. Murder of Jack Zangetti, Oklahoma motel owner who told friends the day after the JFK killing that Ruby would kill Oswald and a member of the Sinatra family would be kidnapped soon afterward to distract attention from the assassination. Frank Sinatra, Jr., kidnapped, released unharmed.
